Create ui-c8y-1021-22-146-user-list-filter-and-order-global-roles-by-translated-role-name.md (#4209)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/platform-services/ui-c8y-1021-22-146-user-list-filter-and-order-global-roles-by-translated-role-name.md

---
date: ""

> title: User list- filter and order global roles by translated role name. [GRAFT][release/y2025] (#11046)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: User list now filters and sorts global roles by translated name
```

product_area: Platform services
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-0UgqXH1Ys
    label: Administration
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-59205
version: 1021.22.146
---

> Previously, on users list, global roles were filtered and sorted by label (not visible for user). Currently, they are filtered and sorted by translated name- the one that is visible on the list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the user management, global roles were previously filtered and sorted by their internal label rather than their displayed name, which made it difficult to find and organize roles in the UI. Now, global roles in the user list are filtered and sorted by their translated name, that is, by the name that is visible to you in the UI. This change makes it more intuitive to search for and organize users by their assigned global roles, as the sorting and filtering behavior now matches what you see on the screen.
```
